Hi.
We didn't like Jerry going to start creating the actual user interface for our tribal books so I'm going
to add two text fields in here so that the user can give input for the name of the place and their note
or comment off the place.
OK so where are you going to get those name and comment from the user and we're going to display them
in the annotation that we have been creating so far.
So let's go to main that sorry Bart and as you can see the map is stretched all the way to the edges.
I'm going to make this one a little bit shorter so we can place the text fields on a bell of the map.
K so let's call for attacks field drag and drop to here and let's make it.
Let's zoom in in a little bit so that we can see better.
So let's make this a little bit bigger too and put it in the center of this view controller.
OK.
So once more let's go to place holder and say name not name name.
Yeah this one and copy and paste this with comments see and comment V.
Next thing will be not name but comments or you can just say something like note as well.
So this is where user will give the input of name and comments and we have to make sure that we update
the constraints we give the constraints one more time.
So this text field and map can actually leave them together in a very structured way.
So let's define this text fields into the coding area out to fix this map here.
Once you see these orange lines over in the constraints it means that there is something wrong.
It gets updated but you didn't update the constraints.
OK so in order to overcome this problem if you see something with an orange you have to make sure you
come over here and say update constraint constants and it updates these constraints but it doesn't give
the constraints to neatly added views.
So I'm going to come over here one more time and say reset to suggested constraints then they will all
have constraints as I wanted to be.
So let me open and the view controller Assistant Editor we're here and we don't have the name tax and
command tag.
So let me go abo and in here after my class let me bring in my name text.
OK.
So this is going to be the name text.
And again this is going to be my comment text.
So this is comments text.
Here you go.
I've defined them.
I have already defined Matthew before.
So if I go to view controller I can come over here to annotation title and delete this new annotation
and rather I can just come over here and say name taxed dot text OK.
And I believe we can only doing does force on rap thing because it's going to take whatever we want
from here.
We are not converting ts to be an integer or something.
So in the subtitle we're just going to say come on.
Text out texts.
So let's try if this works it will bring the name input and comment input from the user to the title
and subtitle of the annotation.
So first we have to write the inputs OK for name I'm going to say April tower and four commands.
Let's say I love Paris.
OK.
And then if I click over here for three seconds and hold as you can see it says that Eiffel Tower and
if I click on that we can see the subtitle as well.
I love Paris.
So it's works done only thing left to do is just take all of those information from here including the
latitude and longitude and save them into the car data database.
And luckily we have learned how to do that in the previous section.
So I'm going to stop here and within the next section we're going to add an even save bottom to here
and then we click on that say by then we're going to take all of this information and save them into
the database.